iPhone: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the light and fluffy stuff today.
iPhone: Yeah, brother.
iPhone: I think she's in the shower so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't you update people with what the context is is hanging out there.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: I don't know, I guess he's
iPhone: gonna fight. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of a
iPhone: disagreement with his girlfriend. And so he came to cool.
iPhone: I like when he's here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be sure have been doing a lot of experiments with the stuff that you learn in therapy. You've been applying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that you talked about was
Gwenevere Abriel: I want a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that starting to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still feeling pretty confident
iPhone: I do I feel
iPhone: You gotta wait. Okay, I'm talking on the phone. Okay, just wait.
iPhone: I feel on a
Gwenevere Abriel: Hill end up demanding your attention. Might as well give them something to do
iPhone: Okay.
Let's
iPhone: Just
iPhone: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: He wants to go right on his bike.
iPhone: I bought him a bike and
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Don't do it. Don't do it.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: He wanted me to face the bike towards the TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, he didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: He like on it like just looking at the TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: So cute. Oh, remember when you like really enjoy things like that. Don't you wish you could get as excited. Well, hey, maybe you are about your new place with your new room, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You with your new room.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your is that adding tension between you and the baby's father
iPhone: We don't talk
Gwenevere Abriel: And he, but he gets that you, you're gonna have your own room, he gets that
iPhone: I've expressed it
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's like you'll deal with it when it happens, closer to the
Gwenevere Abriel: Time.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. Because there's no point in trying to talk to him right now because
iPhone: It's just
iPhone: He's just gonna blow me off like he always does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, you're just going to move the bed in
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you have another bed. Do you already have what you need.
iPhone: No, I've been looking for one
iPhone: Part of me is like, I'm just gonna take my bed, and he could figure it out.
iPhone: I'm guessing for the first
iPhone: Few days when we don't have another better. I'm gonna have to, we're all gonna have to sleep in the same room on the same bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there people in your family that are about to update any way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can pass
Down.
iPhone: Actually, I think.
Really
iPhone: How
iPhone: My uncle is upgrading and he's doing his best to my grandparents and my grandparents his bed is pretty comfy.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could already have it stored at the apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
iPhone: I'm busy. You're gonna have to wait. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he's not feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't appreciate that much. So I'm just curious. I've got I'm looking at your relapse prevention plan here and keep adding more and more to it. But I will say there's
Gwenevere Abriel: No one listed under people I can call if you are starting to have a craving is there someone you could call just to get your mind off of it. Get your head straight kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can always have me, I always want to be a part of that. If you ever want to reach out, you can text doesn't mean I'll always be free but at least you know you can
Gwenevere Abriel: But who else
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were like, Oh my gosh, all they want to do is use right now, even though you may not like that you're having the thought the thought still may come and I want you to feel like you have somebody that you can talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
iPhone: Have no idea
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that say about the people that you are hanging out with
Gwenevere Abriel: What
iPhone: I don't really have those thoughts.
iPhone: But I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's not the answer though. See that's that's living in the wish that I'll never have them. But that's why this is called relapse prevention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prevention so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope.
iPhone: I would really have to put myself in that mindset. Like I wouldn't really have to be
iPhone: Close to the edge in order to even
iPhone: Have those kind of
iPhone: Thoughts, I'd have to put myself in that mindset and
iPhone: Figure out who I'm gonna call
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: Who could snap you out of because oftentimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Because notice right now you have a home your baby's safe, fine. Everything's fine. This isn't when
Gwenevere Abriel: The proverbial duty hits the fan. It's when it's not fine. That's why we write these things down. That's why I have this continuing to develop because
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're at your worst got to be able to look at it and say, Okay, I'm not thinking straight. Now, what do I need to do. I just need to do everything on this list.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it takes a lot of effort because once. Your mind's made up once it's headed down that track.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't want to reverse someone, it's going to be looking for this little spray of dope. I mean, it's going to want to finish. That's the answer. It already feels good, you starting to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just the way the brains wired. You're gonna, it's going to take quite a force to get it to shift back. So let's think again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe this is what what can focus today is look how difficult it is for you to think of someone who you trust.
iPhone: I mean, I could think I know who I can trust, but I just don't want them to freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you
iPhone: Make my older brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that's
iPhone: Know my oldest brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can roll my R's.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want him to freak out. So is he a square like he's never done anything and and he was shame. Your something
iPhone: No, but he's like
iPhone: And we make fun of him for those who are warrior and the family freaks out for me to keep the oldest she's always been
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Like she's always had to take care of us we look out for.
iPhone: And my mom so
iPhone: He's the worrier in the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does he know he is the warrior she know that and kind of laugh at it. Can you laugh at himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
iPhone: I mean we why we laugh at them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But does he you know like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I know things about myself that like in my own family that I can laugh at that maybe I wouldn't really want anybody else to laugh out but in my family. It's okay, I can make fun of myself. Like, does he know he's the warrior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
iPhone: Yeah yeah it's established
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So yes, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice that at your worse, like right on the edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put into question whether you would quit his freaking out, even though this he knows that's what he does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's good at it, he's practiced at it. He does it every day. Does it for all kinds of people in the family and at your very worst right at the edge. You would prevent yourself from reaching out to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't want to freak out. So let me understand that a little bit more. What is freakout look like. And now let's take metaphor out of it really be specific. What is when he's freaking out. What is he actually doing.
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: I feel like it would make them jump into action like let me go pick you up. Let's talk or let's go out to eat or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now. What don't you like about jump into action.
iPhone: It's not that I don't like it. It's that he'll be so upset that he'll tell me man and man.
iPhone: They'll just make a really big deal out of it. I guess it is a really big deal and like the whole family will get together and they'll talk to me, you know, and then they'll start looking out for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So on one hand
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica, I am my jaws dropping like you have an amazing support.
Gwenevere Abriel: System. I wish everyone had that
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish everyone had the ability that they would stop the press. Everyone huddle. Let's go take care of Jessica.
iPhone: That's
iPhone: True. That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that I can think
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that I can think of any clients that have that
Gwenevere Abriel: And the very thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The very thing that you don't want is the very thing that could save your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: On some level, that family support knows your life is at stake, the very thing that you like about have this nice relationship with my son. I have unable to put money aside so that I can do this for this second second room. All of that is possible because you're staying in your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a significant event when you're starting the mind is starting to go
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Your get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna go off the edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how much pressure, it takes to get that to back off your whole family rallying
Gwenevere Abriel: I had no idea. You're gonna tell me that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really cool.
iPhone: It is when you put it that way.
iPhone: But then then with that will come like
iPhone: Be able to be a burden to be on my own like leave the house on my own and
iPhone: Have nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's really. Let's see how true that is just a reality testing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you the same woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were three, four months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's not all or nothing. Maybe you're still because you haven't read. We were in a moment when we're having a we're contemplating we're thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: My life is so difficult. This is so awful. I want to escape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome.
iPhone: I was just thinking like, I know what I remember what that feels like. And I'm like, and it's like, Okay, I have these $20. You know, I don't. All it would take is like, like this one time and that's like, I remember what that feels like. And I
iPhone: I can say that I have those thoughts. I can't say that. I'm like, oh, I have money like the first thing I think about when I have money is like buying makeup or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is wonderful and I don't mean to diminish it
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were on an opiate right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what this is doing what we're doing right now is trying to deconstruct trying to take all the little moving parts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make it possible, so that when
Gwenevere Abriel: You have either a significant stressful event or when you decide to go on a taper off protocol which you're not on but maybe someday you might that you have these additional skills and that we have confronted
Gwenevere Abriel: The potential moment where you have an actual craving that it's they're not
Gwenevere Abriel: They can come literally come from a smell. It's not like you're going to be planning it they can come out of nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's convenient that you don't have the thoughts but it's kind of wishful thinking to thank you never will. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back. I remember why I lost my train of thought and had to do with this concept of you're not the same person anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: A book, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot. I won't have my money. I don't understand what you mean by oh you don't understand if everyone gets involved in my life. I won't have my money anymore. What does that mean, what does that mean
iPhone: But they won't let me carry money anymore. And like they'll look out on that to make sure that, okay. Well, she said that she wants to do this in order to do this, you know, just like, oh, look out for me, Mom.
iPhone: Will be like okay she can't have money on here because we
iPhone: Show going show you, she can't be out by herself.
iPhone: You know, because she she already like said that she has that intention and
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me understand this. I have a $300 sitting in my checking account, they're going to go to the bank and remove it all, you know,
iPhone: Or when they'll probably not, but tell me how it gets done. I don't quite get how they take all your money, how they hold it. How do they
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull that off.
iPhone: I don't know. Probably they would probably just take my card or something and not let me be by myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: They would take your credit card.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they would stay at the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when really what is it that you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: So substance isn't going to fill it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, if we've been seeking this chemical solution to a psycho spiritual problem. What is it that you actually need. Do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Well access and, you know, like people that are starting to slow down from or quit altogether smoking. I tell them, put it in the trunk of your car, get it out of
Gwenevere Abriel: Convenience. So what that does. If your family is saying, well, let's let's make it less convenient, so that you can inhibit which means stop the impulse
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's right here, the likelihood of me doing it is higher, because I don't have to think it's right here. I don't have to question what i'm doing those few seconds that it takes to actually do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that family idea of putting some time. That's what they're doing when they take your money is they're saying this is
Gwenevere Abriel: No longer convenient, but the part I'm asking you about. How are you different. How come you can't say to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is, you need hey you know what guys ticket for a week. But if I'm clear headed
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth is I'm going to find a way. No amount of you taking the money is going to do it if I've already made up my mind. Yo, I love you guys, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it is inconvenient. I'm going to get it done so in a week. You guys can kind of make it inconvenient for me on the week thing is made up number. You do whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just a random number. But the truth is, guys. If I really have made it my mind. Ain't nothing gonna stop me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you see
Gwenevere Abriel: You might
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a runny nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was adorable.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way that you know he did, he did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Runny nose prevention, he got in there before it even got running
Gwenevere Abriel: Cute little
iPhone: Cute. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back. How are you different when it comes to assertive communication that you are not
Gwenevere Abriel: Pass for
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you got some skill. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy. Now you've done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's that tissue. Where's the tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication, you know that term, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how can you speak, you don't lose your rights, just because you're in a vulnerable moment and you're on the edge, still a woman that has rights.
Gwenevere Abriel: You knew enough to say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were really if you really made up your mind. You wouldn't tell a soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Someone might stop you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you more assertive than you used to be or hasn't really not changed too much.
iPhone: Like I can be assertive, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's let's do another reality test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family knew you were using correct
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it that they're not controlling your money over at your house. Now, how much time actually passed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, how much time actually pass right. What's the reality of it. Yes, they were in my face. For how many days.
iPhone: What do you mean, like, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said, I don't want to tell my brother, my brother will tell my mother and then everybody will be staying at my house. They won't leave me alone. I won't have anybody for how long.
iPhone: I don't know.
iPhone: What you've made, however.
iPhone: I really don't know. I mean it.
iPhone: Okay, so I can communicate with them like a, you know,
iPhone: This was just the thought or
iPhone: This is just like, it's not really that big of a deal. But thank you guys for being there for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice scenario just now. Hi, cutie patootie. Huh, that it was knowing that you are not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are times Jessica when having one of those thoughts like, you're going to go to the edge is so much worse when you think I'm doing this alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just even just even telling your brother and. And what about being able to tell
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: I trust you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not an all call this is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone needs to rally and come to the house. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: I just need to tell someone
iPhone: You could get down.
iPhone: Oh, come on.
iPhone: Look like
iPhone: Laurie Laurie.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference. So assertive. I heard the assertive part. But what about to your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't lose all your rights.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you ever had a conversation. What about having it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Currently, like, you know what I'm trying to set up a relapse prevention plan and I want to be able to reach out to you when I'm feeling like today sucks. And I had a thought. But I don't want you to have to call everybody. I just want someone to talk to.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can vent. So I don't go us
Gwenevere Abriel: That's assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about that. Does this sound like I'm speaking like
Gwenevere Abriel: Martian
No.
iPhone: No, it makes sense.
iPhone: Just to have that
iPhone: That understanding there right now would be nice to talk to him and tell him that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm putting that's right I'm putting you on my relapse prevention plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my fear is I won't call you because I'm be so afraid that you guys will treat me the way I was when I was using. But this is different. I want to be able to reach out and say, I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I know whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to be able to confide in you. Otherwise, I may not reach out at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you not tell Mom, can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let me share and just listen to me. And in fact, brother. Can you remind me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of something. And that's my question number I was saying, what is it that this chemical solution was trying to solve that really isn't a chemical problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it that your brother could remind you of
iPhone: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else your first what what would felt what would have felt like love
Gwenevere Abriel: Back then, when you needed something
Gwenevere Abriel: To make sure that you were okay and taking care of and loved and that you're not alone. What's something else you would have wanted to afford
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. And what else
iPhone: And
iPhone: Enough to me and
Gwenevere Abriel: You matter. Oh, okay, I get this one I got it in there. These are just too good.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Always drove all does he have a sense, if you will. I will. I don't want you to freak out. But I want to be able to go. I'm, I'm, I want to be able to to call you or text you
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something when I'm kind of feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Low but I
Gwenevere Abriel: Assist. What I want to hear. I want. I want you to remind me. So you're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me that instead of freaking out and getting off the phone and calling mom because I'm not ready for that. I just need to have someone I can reach out to that cares about me unconditionally.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can sit with my discomfort. I have to sit with it. Can you sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: It also can you sit with it. Can you sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he may say no. Now here's a right to say no doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Make you think about as we're doing this relapse prevention.
iPhone: making me think about
iPhone: How truly lucky I really am and
iPhone: And how
iPhone: Delusional I am
iPhone: Thinking that it goes. That's why come to mind. Sooner or later.
iPhone: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So that thing right there. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: All both parts. The delusional part it's wishful thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody in recovery. Does that one. They think so, you're not alone. I'm just letting you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: They think, well, I'm not having a now. And so they project that into the future. And then of course I'll never have it because it would be convenient if you never had it, but that's why we lost prevention planning means we look at the how we look at hard stuff we get ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Luck favors the
Gwenevere Abriel: Prepared
Gwenevere Abriel: Be prepared for good luck. Sounds good to me.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was right now. It's now you did another piece of it which fewer people do, which is in the same moment meeting session on your own you. You went to
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, I'm a little delusional my thinking. I'm not going to have those those cravings again are not going to have what's called stinking thinking
iPhone: Thank you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking. Thinking that those are. That's the addict voice that you know it's goes by a lot of different names, but either way it's going to send you on that route to oh you're going to feel good. It's gonna sit here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll be difficult to turn it back around the more we're prepared for it, the more it's written out you could literally like when you're done with us here at the program. I'm going to email this thing that I'm writing and you're going to have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just completely. Yeah.
iPhone: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because maybe there'll be a certain phrase Olivia inactivity, that when we're at our worst
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that wiring in the brain. The one where you go to use had nothing to do with belly breathing. It's not. There's no it doesn't remember anything about that was just where's that guy down what street well
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe I'll just walk by that sharp again you know it's nowhere near any of these neat things that we're learning here. So it's going to be helpful to have it all written out she'll just be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Call roll and go look at my real estate and look at my list and just go do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And later on, you can say, hey, remind me. Also I matter and tell me to go look at my relapse prevention.
iPhone: Well, because it's kind of like
iPhone: Okay, so whenever I'm like
iPhone: putting away my stuff or getting my stuff ready for the next morning like
iPhone: Like I set my stuff up for my future self to help my future self out and then I'll find something somewhere. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, I'm so awesome.
iPhone: So it's basically like doing that right like
iPhone: Setting it up for your future self, just in case.
iPhone: That make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I like the way you put it
Gwenevere Abriel: I just got this picture of like a little Easter Bunny, like you're you put these little eggs different places. And then, oh, look at me.
iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much.
iPhone: Like
Playing
iPhone: And then when before. Like I wouldn't have even had that resource or
iPhone: I wouldn't have even
iPhone: Known to think, okay, well, can I call and a relapse prevention program and
iPhone: Plan. I mean, and
iPhone: So I'm hopeful.
iPhone: I'm hopeful.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm optimistic, too, because I wanted to finish my comment.
iPhone: From
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're being silly. When I don't even have those sites anymore, right, kind of, shoo, shoo, shoo to What Am I delusional, Chris. I'm going to have those thoughts you went in one session you did that. That's a, that's a big step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it would be more convenient to think I'll never have to face the dark side of my brain again. Yeah, I would be convenient, but it's a little naive like
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe me, I don't get any satisfaction of being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prove me wrong, Jessica, feel free.
iPhone: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it.
iPhone: That's awesome. Thank you so much.
iPhone: You've really helped me out a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just a simple thing. All we did was sort of say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened before. What can we get ahead of to make sure it's those same things happen again. This you are aware of more resources.
And I want to be on that list.
Gwenevere Abriel: That support network.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, you know, this is why when you'll hear people say, well, just, just go to a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will say that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a fellowship room. It's a and it's just you just go
Gwenevere Abriel: Open right just go
Gwenevere Abriel: Does the same thing that a calling, rather
Gwenevere Abriel: Than just being
Gwenevere Abriel: Validated and feel so good.
iPhone: That. Yeah, that's something that I was thinking about to like
iPhone: I don't know, it's just it's I guess it's like this with everyone that
iPhone: When you hear it from your parents and from your family. You're like, whatever, but from somebody else.
iPhone: Or something, you know,
iPhone: Something like that. Yes.
iPhone: Yeah. Cool. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
I like
iPhone: Funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yum, made me hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll notice that in group to I'll say you guys talk because I don't have the credibility. I want you guys to talk to each other, you know, it's going to your take it in better than hearing my mouth going
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I think you mentioned something about wanting Braveheart helps to sort of maybe
Even create
Gwenevere Abriel: A group, and it has it on the back of my mind it's been there for a while to create a group on a actually on a Saturday morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a what, there's some challenges to it, but it's back there. So my mind.
iPhone: Yeah, that would
iPhone: That would be cool, because sometimes like something will happen and
iPhone: Then I go all want to share it with someone you know
iPhone: Like, oh I accomplished this or I overcame this today and I'm so proud of myself.
iPhone: Stuff like that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are more than invited you could send your brother message you could send me a message. You can also attend another group.
iPhone: Really
Do you want me to do. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, that would be cool. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put it on that notebook. So it's in that
iPhone: That same room with
Gwenevere Abriel: All the other stuff. If it's around
iPhone: Okay, yes it is.
iPhone: I always put it in the same spot, but it wasn't there.
iPhone: Bless you. Bless you. Okay, I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, Mondays 9am and 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't go on the same day but exceptions can be made. We just can't, we can't bill for it. So you have to say, Listen, I really want to go. Can you not bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I just have to talk with the physician. And we do this whole thing, but the I can do it. I just have to really be mindful about it. So then Tuesday 7am course you know and then 12pm
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you want to be come in and brag. You can come in and brag. You did something from seven in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning and you're like, you know what I want to roll in there until everybody when it is you could come in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let us know Thursday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: And Friday at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say I discourage people Friday at noon only because you're welcome to it, but it's oftentimes it's a catch all group. These are people that are kind of filling in. There's not a lot of group cohesiveness
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's not a lot of folks that have quite a bit of clean time in there so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's just sort of superficial in the sense that we won't get deep into a lot of feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially more than welcome to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to speak with our plant.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got a plan. So next
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. That is May 25th 11am I will see you in group Marianna
iPhone: You
Gwenevere Abriel: will enjoy some tacos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear you do it.
Buckle
iPhone: Buckle
iPhone: The second
iPhone: Say,
iPhone: Goodbye.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you tomorrow.
iPhone: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Bye.